<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
**Table of Contents**  *generated with [DocToc](https://github.com/thlorenz/doctoc)*

- [Angular Spring Reactive Sample](#angular-spring-reactive-sample)
  - [Project structure](#project-structure)
  - [Build](#build)
    - [Server](#server)
    - [Client](#client)
  - [Contribute](#contribute)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Angular Spring Reactive Sample

This application demonstrate building backend RESTful APIs with the newest Reactive stack introduced in Spring 5, and creating the frontend SPA with Angular 5.

**Read the [comprehensive step by step guide](GUIDE.md) to get more details**.

## Project structure

* client - The client application built with Angular CLI.
* server - The backend RESTful APIs.


## Build 

Clone the source codes into your local system.

```
git clone https://github.com/hantsy/angular-spring-reactive-sample
```

### Server 

The backend is a Spring Boot based application, make sure you have installed the following software:

* Apache Maven
* Oracle JDK 8
* Docker & Docker Compose 

There is a *docker-compose.yml* file in the project root folder. 

Starts up mongodb service by the following command.

```
docker-compose up mongodb
```

> NOTE: You can also install a local mongodb instead of using Docker.

Then run the application by Spring boot maven plugin directly.

```
mvn spring-boot:run
```

### Client

The **client** application is generated by Angular CLI. 

Enter **client** folder, execute the following command to run the frontend UI.

```
npm install
npm run start
```

Open your favorite browser, and navigate to http://localhost:4200.

## Contribute

Welcome to contribute this project.  If you have some ideas do not hesitate to file an issue or send a PR directly.
